Add info on SECCOMP for #959 (#1656)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x05a-Platform-Overview.md

Android does not provide an API to application developers to use Adiantum; this cipher is to be taken into account and implemented by ROM developers or device vendors, which want to provide full disk encryption without sacrificing performance on low-end devices. At the moment of writing there is no public cryptographic library that implements this cipher to use it on Android applications.
It should be noted that AES runs faster on devices having the AES instruction set. In that case the use of Adiantum is highly discouraged.

#### Android Security Hardening

> Android contains may different features that attempt to make it more difficult for a malicious application to break out of its sandbox. Since applications are effectively running code on your device, it is important that this can be done securely, even if the application itself can not be trusted. The following sections explain which mitigations are in place to prevent applications from abusing vulnerabilities. Note that an OS is never 100% secure and new vulnerabilities are still discovered on a regular basis, even with these mitigations in place.

Reviewer: changed may to many
```suggestion
Android contains many different features that attempt to make it more difficult for a malicious application to break out of its sandbox. Since applications are effectively running code on your device, it is important that this can be done securely, even if the application itself can not be trusted. The following sections explain which mitigations are in place to prevent applications from abusing vulnerabilities. Note that an OS is never 100% secure and new vulnerabilities are still discovered on a regular basis, even with these mitigations in place.
```

Reviewer 2: 'abusing vulnerabilities' does not sound right. Vulnerabilities dont have any good use or purpose, so abusing it doesnt make sense. Can we instead use "exploiting vulnerabilities" ?

##### SELinux

> Security-Enhanced Linux (SELinux) uses a Mandatory Access Control (MAC) system to further lock down which processes should have access to which resources. Each resource is given a label in the form of `user:role:type:mls_level` which defines which users are able to execute which types of actions on it. For example, one process may only be able to read a file, while another process may be able to edit or delete the file. This way, processes can work based on a least-privilege principle, so that vulnerable processes are more difficult to exploit for privilege escalation or lateral movement.

Reviewer: shortened one sentence and suggest "via" instead of "for"; or "using"?
```suggestion
Security-Enhanced Linux (SELinux) uses a Mandatory Access Control (MAC) system to further lock down which processes should have access to which resources. Each resource is given a label in the form of `user:role:type:mls_level` which defines which users are able to execute which types of actions on it. For example, one process may only be able to read a file, while another process may be able to edit or delete the file. This way, by working on a least-privilege principle, vulnerable processes are more difficult to exploit via privilege escalation or lateral movement.
```

Further information is available on the [Android Security website](https://source.android.com/security/selinux "Security-Enhanced Linux in Android").

> ##### KASLR, ASLR, DEP and PIE

Reviewer: by order of appearance 
```suggestion
##### ASLR, KASLR, PIE and DEP
```

> Address Space Layout Randomization (ASLR), which has been part of Android since Android 4.1 (API level 15), is a standard protection against buffer-overflow attacks, which makes sure that both the application and the OS are loaded to random memory addresses making it difficult to get the correct address for a specific memory region or library. In Android 8.0 (API level 26), this protection was also implemented for the Kernel (KASLR). ASLR protection is only possible if the application can be loaded at a random place in memory, which is indicated by the Position Independent Executable (PIE) flag of the application. Since Android 5.0 (API level 21), support for non-PIE enabled applications was dropped. Finally, Data Execution Prevention (DEP) prevents code execution on the stack and heap, which is also used to combat buffer-overflow exploits.

Reviewer: Kernel -> kernel
```suggestion
Address Space Layout Randomization (ASLR), which has been part of Android since Android 4.1 (API level 15), is a standard protection against buffer-overflow attacks, which makes sure that both the application and the OS are loaded to random memory addresses making it difficult to get the correct address for a specific memory region or library. In Android 8.0 (API level 26), this protection was also implemented for the kernel (KASLR). ASLR protection is only possible if the application can be loaded at a random place in memory, which is indicated by the Position Independent Executable (PIE) flag of the application. Since Android 5.0 (API level 21), support for non-PIE enabled applications was dropped. Finally, Data Execution Prevention (DEP) prevents code execution on the stack and heap, which is also used to combat buffer-overflow exploits.
```

Reviewer: Little question to "Since Android 5.0 (API level 21), support for non-PIE enabled applications was dropped.": maybe worths an enhancement. What about native libs?
